---
layout: post.html
bandcamp: ''
source: ''
title: New Math.
permalink: "/{{ title | slug}}/"
description: Some things that I learned by doing it differently.
date: 2019-12-04
tags: post
header_img: https://source.unsplash.com/LJ9KY8pIH3E
header_link: https://unsplash.com/photos/LJ9KY8pIH3E
header_source: Unsplash
header_img_author: Fotis Fotopoulos
edit: ''

---
About two weeks ago, I friend of mine reached out to me asking if I can help them out with their dad with a website. At first, I was really hesitant, but then I thought about it. I agreed. He gave me his father's email address and we scheduled a phone call for later that evening. I was super nervous about talking to him, but after some time, it turns out that he was a cool guy.

After telling me why he needed a site, we started spitballing some ideas around. He did tell me that he has a Wix pro account. I didn't want to detract he from something that he is already paying for, so kept the site on the platform with the idea of transferring it later in life.

After spending about two weeks working with a site builder for the first time, I start to see how different it really is from doing from scratch. Here are some things that I learned...

### 1. It is beyond easy to set up.

It was bonkers to see that I didn't need to design anything. Basically pick a theme that best suits your needs as a company, and add what's needed. No code necessary. To me, it felt a little guilty not having to configure anything really, but I had a site ready for preview in about 5 minutes. If I needed to add a section, just click that "+" sign. Yet with how easy it was to set up, I began to see the lacking areas, such as...

### 2. You don't really have control.

Want to change an element? Maybe add some padding. You know, a different font would be cool to check out. Oh if only it were that easy. This is one of the problems that I began to see with site builders. They hype up the fact that you don't need to write a single line of code, but then you're in a situation where you actually need some code. And now like, now what?